https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4424421000/ 

About the job
Hiring in Paris for a hybrid office position. 

Native French and business level English required. Further European Language (Spanish / Italian) strongly preferred.

Our Company

Neat brings people together with beautifully simple, versatile video devices and experiences. By minimizing the physical and virtual divide, we enable everyone to feel more connected, present and understood, however they prefer to work. We aim to make our technologies so intuitive that terms like "in-office" and "remote" will seem obsolete in five years. Neat's pioneering portfolio addresses the needs of today's workplace and natively supports Microsoft Teams, Zoom, and a range of compelling business apps.

We are an ambitious, accountable, collaborative, responsible, and growing team that fosters an environment where creativity and ingenuity can flourish. We strive to bring out the best in our Neaters and make amazing products and experiences. We are based in Oslo with Neaters working all over the world.

Responsibilities

At Neat, a Solution Engineer serves as the primary product expert and technical resource for the Neat sales teams and partner community. Three main points of focus comprise the majority of a Solution Engineer's responsibilities:

Sales Collaboration

Neat Solution Engineering team with sales and/or partner representatives to ensure that customers and partners understand the value of Neat’s products, design philosophy, and roadmap. An SE will support several Neat sales representatives in customer opportunities, closely align with them on customer strategy, and oversee the technical aspects of product evaluations/proofs of concept.

Product Team Ambassador

Solution Engineers act as the face of our product development team to the customer and partner community. They are responsible for collecting and responding to customer feedback and feature requests, evaluating them based on relevance, and communicating them effectively back to the product team. Also, Solution Engineers are expected to understand Neat’s product and feature roadmap and deliver future-state messaging to partners and customers clearly and effectively.

Product Evangelist

Solution Engineers play a vital role in bringing the ‘wow-factor’ of Neat to both fellow Neat colleagues and the rest of the world. Solution Engineers are often called upon to help conduct internal training for the sales teams on how to talk about the value of Neat’s technology most effectively, how to do an effective product demo, etc. Solution Engineers might also be asked to co-host webinars or other marketing events and help communicate new product and feature releases to the public.

Compensation

Solution Engineers are officially part of the Neat Sales organisation and are compensated via a Base Pay / Salary + sales achievement bonus.

Skills Required

Solution Engineer candidates will have a strong professional background in videoconferencing and commercial audio-visual technologies. Broader knowledge of unified communications and collaboration technologies (web conferencing, IP telephony, etc.) is a plus. Strong communication/presentation skills are highly desirable.

Founded in 2019, Neat was created to make the meeting space the best it can be. We understand the meeting space better than anyone else and we pour all our energy into every last detail of what we do.